[STORY-525] Add documentation for PostgreSQL 15 (#2624)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/databases/postgresql/2000-01-01-overview.md

### Available Version

The latest version of PostgreSQL® available is **`15.7.0-1`**.

> This is also the default version when attaching a PostgreSQL® addon to your
> application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default version when attaching a PostgreSQL® addon to your
application is **14.12.0-1**.
```
